0.66 changelog (#23094)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

- Fixed a crash when using duplicated names for color formats.
- Added two decimal formats, to distinguish between RGB and BGR.
- Fixed color name localization, which was not working correctly on 0.65.

### FancyZones

- Fixed an editor crash caused by deleting a zone while trying to move it.
- Reduce the time it takes the tooltip for layout shortcut setting to appear in the editor.

### File Locksmith

- Fixed an issue causing File Locksmith to hang when looking for open handles in some machines.

### Hosts File Editor

- Added a warning when duplicated entries are detected. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

### PowerToys Run

- Support drag and dropping for file results. Thanks [@daniel-richter](https://github.com/daniel-richter)!

### Quick Accent

- Added support for dark theme. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
- Increased default input delay to improve out of the box experience.
- Fixed a bug causing the first character to not be selected when opening the overlay. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

> - Fixed the positioning of the overlay when showing in the diagonal corners.

Reviewer: in the what?

Author: You're right. Just changed it to "when showing near the horizontal edges of the screen."

- Added additional Pinyin characters. Thanks [@char-46](https://github.com/char-46)!
- Added Macedonian characters. Thanks [@ad-mca-mk](https://github.com/ad-mca-mk)!
- Added a setting to sort characters by usage frequency.

> - Added a setting to always start selection in the first character, even if using the arrow keys as the activation method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a setting to always start selection in the first character, even when using the arrow keys as the activation method.
```

### Settings

> - Show the option to keep the display on when using the "Indefinitely Awake" mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the option to keep the display on when using the "Indefinitely Awake" mode.
```

Author: Here it's really "show", because it was being hidden and it was an error.

Author: Thanks for all the feedback!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an error that hid the option to keep the display on when using the "Indefinitely Awake" mode.
```

How about this?

- Fixed an accessibility issue causing the navigation bar to not work with narrator in scan mode.
- Fixed an accessibility issue where the name for the shortcut control was not being read correctly.
- Tweaked the Color Picker custom color format UI. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
- Improved the shortcut control visibility and accessibility. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
- Fixed an issue causing the Settings to not be saved correctly on scenarios where the admin user would be different then the user running PowerToys.

> - Added a setting to pick which language should be picked by default for Text Extractor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a setting to pick which language should be used by default when using Text Extractor.
```

### Text Extractor

> - Improve behavior for CJK languages by not adding spaces for some characters that don't need it. Thanks [@AO2233](https://github.com/AO2233)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve behavior for CJK languages by not adding spaces for some characters that don't need them. Thanks [@AO2233](https://github.com/AO2233)!
```

- OCR language can now be picked in the right-click context menu.

### Video Conference Mute

- Reduced resource consumption by not starting the File Watchers when the utility is disabled.

### Documentation

- Updated the development setup documentation.
- Improved the Markdown documentation lists numbering in many docs. Thanks [@sanidhyas3s](https://github.com/sanidhyas3s)!

### Development

- Turned on C++ code analysis and incrementally fixing warnings.
- C++ code analysis no longer runs on release CI to speed up building release candidates. It still runs on GitHub CI and when building locally to maintain code quality.
- Cleaned up "to-do" comments referring to disposing memory on C#. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
- Added a fabric bot rule for localization issues.
- Fixed a CI build error after a .NET tools update.

> - Update the windows app sdk dependency version to 1.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the Windows App SDK dependency version to 1.2.
```

- When building for arm64, the arm64 build tools are now preferred when building on an arm64 device. Thanks [@snickler](https://github.com/snickler)!
- Updated the C# test framework and removed unused Newtonsoft.Json package references.
- Updated StyleCop and fixed/enabled more warnings. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

> - Fixed a language typo in the code. Thanks [@eltociear](https://github.com/eltociear)!

Reviewer: Same fix in two versions?

Author: A different typo, but still the same thing.

Author: Thanks for all the feedback!

- Improved code quality around some silent crashes that were being reported to Microsoft servers.
- Moved the GPO asset files to source instead of docs in the repo.
- Upgraded the unit test NuGet packages.

#### What is being planned for version 0.67

For [v0.67][github-next-release-work], we'll work on below:

- Allow installing without UAC.

> - Stability / bug fixes

Reviewer 3: want to add in systray flyout?

Author: Just added it!
